Adds supported platforms (#661)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/discover/con_benefits-of-rhdh.adoc

* Best practices through software templates. Automates organizational best practices by encoding common tasks such as creating new applications, running Ansible jobs, and establishing CI/CD pipelines for production deployment in Git.

* Scalable technical documentation. Code and documentation resides in the same repository, eliminating dependencies on proprietary document systems.

* Efficient onboarding for new developers. New developers can adapt quickly and become productive within a short timeframe.

* Robust enterprise Role-Based Access Control (RBAC). Empowers administrators to create roles, assign users or groups to roles, and implement robust security policies for enhanced access control.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* For more information about the different features of {product} and how you can extend the upstream Backstage product by providing additional features such as integration with OpenShift, enterprise role-based access control (RBAC), and dynamic plugins, see link:https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh/overview?intcmp=7015Y000003swEuQAI&source=sso[{product}].

= Supported platforms

> {product} runs on {ocp-short} {ocp-version-min}-{ocp-version} on AMD64 and Intel 64 (`x86_64`) architectures.

Reviewer: should link to the section of doc where we list the actual min/max versions of OCP and other flavours (ROSA, AKS, EKS, etc.)

Author: Hi @nickboldt. Please have a look at the changes and let me know if you have any other suggestions.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> For more information about the different supported hosted environments, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_dev_spaces/3.12/html-single/release_notes_and_known_issues/index#supported-platforms[Supported platforms].

Reviewer: you're linking to the Dev Spaces docs, not the Dev Hub ones. Should be obvious since you're not using a variable for the `{product-version}` but instead hardcoding 3.12 (which is 5 versions old - latest is 3.16). 

Should the link be to this instead?

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.3/html-single/installing_red_hat_developer_hub_on_openshift_container_platform/index#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator

```suggestion
For more information about the different supported hosted environments, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/installing_red_hat_developer_hub_on_openshift_container_platform/index#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator[Supported platforms].
```
